Base implementation of BaggageSpanProcessor (#3582)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: sdk-extensions/baggage-processor/README.md

# OpenTelemetry SDK Extension Baggage SpanProcessor

[![Javadocs][javadoc-image]][javadoc-url]

> An implementation of the trace `SpanProcessors` that uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of a trace `SpanProcessor` that uses
```
